Scaling a business


Joe Schriefer: Scaling To $300 Million By Following The 3 P’s


in this exact order

1.) Promotions: Create more promotions with drastically different angles for your ONE product so you can find new avenues of marketing,

Once you have a control you want to immediately try to beat the control. You want to have many promtions as possible for your product working so that once it's stops working or FB or google bans it you have a backup one. 10x your promotions and you will 10x your business.

2.) Products: once you have a growing list of customers, expand your product base with complementary products.

Only do this once you have many good promotions working and steady growing customer base. expand the product base fast. You create them or license them. Interview people, etc.

3.) People: To continue growing, hire the right people ONLY when you absolutley need them.

Wait to the very last moment to hire. Only once you have 1 and 2 in place. Because it adds many layers of complexity to your business. 

You can have a outsource business in stages 1 and 2 but delay hiring people until you absolutely need it.

You hire copywriters first because they add fire to growth


The best copywriter is the business owner because you know the product better than anyone else. So be need to get good at copy.

So start putting out a lot more promotions.

This strategy help agora financial grow from $30 million to $300 million

Stop consuming now on scale this info above gives  you everything you need to scale. Start creating. Stop consuming copywriting books, courses, and start creating promotions.  Get punished in the face a little, make mistakes and learn from.  Crank out 5-10 sales letters by yourself and see what happens. The market will be the ultimate decided. 

You can Consume just make it concurrent to creation. Keep it at a 2 to 1 ratio. So for every two hours of creation spend an hour of consuming.




Benefits

Ensures your business scales with efficiency
Mitigates risk by building a strong foundation
Simplifies the roadmpa to scaling.
Avois inessential hires.
