Good morning,

I just got back from Miami where I spent two days hanging out with Grant Cardone.

Now of course it wasn’t just me and Grant…

Instead, it was a private invite-only mastermind with about 50 high level influencers and affiliates…

And we were in Grant’s office for two days…

Then at night we went out and had some fun parties with Grant and his team.

Either way, we got a ton of the dude’s time…

He was hanging out with us, sharing everything about his businesses operations and numbers, and so much more…

And I know for a fact that a lot of people who were kind of skeptical about Grant at the beginning were won-over by the end.

Personally, one of the things I was most struck by was the amount of gold that Grant was dropping…

I took 31 pages of notes…

And I’m going to share some of my favorite things Grant said here:

"I don’t want to learn from my failures. I want to learn from my successes because I can replicate and repeat my successes."

"People will know you for your work ethic or they won’t know you at all."

"We literally program our audience to purchase and invest."

"The most qualified people on a webinar will leave after 40 minutes. The people with the most time but the least money will stay to the end. So why do you wait so long before pitching?"

"If you want to be recognized as a big deal, do big things."

"Whenever you resent something, it may be an indication that it’s something you should be doing."

"You have to convert your audience to provide a service to them."

"The people who complain the most are not the people who buy from you but the ones who didn’t buy."

"When you set a target you better exceed it. Not because it’s important to your customers, but because it keeps your team believing in your business and your vision."

"And the closer you get to your target, the more updates you should be getting from your team on when you’ll hit it."

"Always assume no one saw your ad. No one saw your message. No one saw your promotion. 99% of people didn’t see the copy. Split-testing is bullshit. Not because it doesn’t matter, but because it’s all focusing on the 1% of people who actually saw your messaging and marketing. It doesn’t do anything about the 99% of eyeballs who never did."

[On Rapidly Repeating Promotions and Campaigns that are Successful]: "Nike says ‘Just Do It’ and we say "Just Do It Again."

"I had to give up being the ‘sales training guy’ to go from doing $5MM a year to doing $150MM per year. Meaning I had to go from selling sales to selling something bigger. I went from being a sales guy to a marketing guy."

"If you want to go further you’ve got to give something up, usually something comfortable."

"If you want to get out of the grind, put more people between you and the grind."

"I think about ‘how many mini-mes do I need to equal me? Most people suck at hiring because they look at hiring one person to replace themselves." [Meanwhile, Grant looks for 10 people who can do 1/10th of what he can do].

[On Identity] "I keep being different things to different people."

"All assets become liabilities at some point, even our identities."

---

Did you get some value out of those shares?

Well guess what?

Everything I just wrote out was from the first FIVE pages of my notes…

And I took 31 freaking pages.

Crazy right?

And this brings me to an important point…

Which it’s just hard to replace the value of being in the right room with the right people.

Not only did Grant share wisdom that has transformed my thinking on numerous topics and inspire the ever-living shit out of me…

But also the connections I made were insane too.

We did a little informal and anonymous survey of the revenue generated by the businesses of the people in the room…

And NOT including Grant it was something like $1.95BN…

So do you think hanging out with people at that level was uplifting and inspiring for me?

You’re damn right it was…

And actually that brings me to the upcoming Copy Accelerator Live event in Austin, Texas.

If you haven’t seen the attendee list, go check it out here…

That’s not cherry picked it's basically everyone who has gotten a ticket.

So at the event...

It's going to be members from our CA Community…

And then pretty much every in-person attendee is a business owner or entrepreneur…

Which has been very intentional by me…

Because I want a room of super high level people having great conversations and helping one another succeed.

So anyways, check out that attendee list and grab a ticket if you haven’t already…

And then if that price point is out of reach for you...

Or you just can’t attend live…

You can always apply for one of the virtual tickets right here.

Either way…

Between the content I’ve got prepared, and the stuff from our incredible speakers…

I guarantee you’ll walk away from this event thinking on a whole new level…

Plus you’ll have numerous actionable things you can implement into your business right away…

And this is true no matter if you’re an "offer owner" a CEO a CMO or a freelancer.
